this is the aoc 3477 pq
it's a really huge 34 inch
monitor with a neighbor of a sentence
that at 9
that runs on a week qhd resolution of
3440 by 1440
the remember that he really ultra a lot
workspace and very crystal clear images
can display if you first take a look
and we see the material from the monitor
that across the board just really
very stylishly finished and then side
You see that with its metal accents one
little aluminum behind and on the base
made of the same material and such
you can see that the besson is not out of the screen
coming
but just right on the screen lights up
just looks really classy like
just said it is a wqhd eps screen and
remember that there are very nice full clear
displays colors
and that I am very natural and te
look at how it is 78 degrees and on it
thing that you from my every position
Going fine can see what's on your screen
happens
it also has a matte coating
and remember that you have very little trouble
of direct reflections and always going
can see perfectly what is on your screen
I'll just get there for the ottoman right away
to keep track of geertje so you have an idea
from how big this monitor is
is actual and prints A4 by default
put it on the edge, you can see it really
just nearly five maybe even 6 times
contains the surface of an a4 and
that just gives him a huge amount
space to work
he can in all kinds of modes
user has a 4 screen split such that
you can use your image in every possible way
classify the use of multiple monitor
equal to a yes simulate to the
find the optimum workspace for you
situation
of course super handy if you t motors
I'm used to that you can still do that
Stimulate you so with this
engine also just get started right away too
the way you are used to he is
a srgb q space in 10-bit color depth
and that i think he is really ideal
is suitable for professional graphic
use the connection he has a VGA
and DVI and HDMI and display port
and remember that he has enough options
has other equipment on all your jacket
to connect
sit on the side of the engine too
another 5 usb ports and there is
one type b and you also one
charge sport where I observed of course
connect all kinds of other devices with
you can also use your phone for that tarp
Charge without turning on your computer at all
he is equipped with a vesa
100 mt
And that means you put it on others
wall brackets can connect outside the
foot to have that mount so you
does not necessarily have to use the foot
the motor itself have different positions too
use
of course it can go back and forth but then
the foot must be as on the
bottom sees the screen itself consider
front and rear tiltable and you
can be adjusted in height by the
weighted base
remember that the very easy remain standing
and for the graphic people among us
designer can also be used again
in portrait mode
and that is of course very nice for all
your vertically oriented files
like I said before he is excellent
suitable for graphic applications
and in particular the color
oriented graphic applications
such as photo editing and video editing
but with five milliseconds
elms
also suitable for the graphic
oriented gamer but maybe not
for the hardcore gamers who are really on the
milliseconds of one or two
did you say more about this great one
monitor want to know if you would be right there
want to purchase one
go to monitorstore.nl point b or come
in one of our stores